We have that spinner.css code and that spinner,html code and since we also need a spinner in the
stock finder, it would make sense to reuse that.
So I would create a new component, the spinner component I'll name it with my spinner.tsx file and
my spinner.css file and I can already grab all that CSS code here from my stock price component
and move that into the spinner.css file and then here in the spinner.tsx file, I'll export a class,
spinner of course and just as always I'll add my component decorator which is imported from
@stencil/core, add the tag which is ucSpinner here,
add the style URL and point at the spinner.css file and of course also add shadow
true. Now in the render function of this component, I will simply return this content here, right,
this div zip. I'll return this here
and now with that, I have everything I need to display the spinner in here. I will not add the logic whether
the spinner should be shown or not,
instead I will just use that spinner as a normal HTML element,
what custom elements are in the end
in my other components.
So here in the stock price, when I'm in the loading mode, I'll set data content to ucSpinner and
that is all you need.
There is no need for any imports at the top because this will be an HTML element that is globally
available,
that's the idea behind web components. So I add ucSpinner like this
and if I save that, you'll see that whenever I'm entering something else,
we still have the spinner here, just like that and that works with our own web component where we now
enclosed all the spinning functionality and style.
Now the interesting thing here is that we simply embed this like a normal HTML element in our JSX
or TSX code because it is a normal HTML element in the end
and this is how you can nest and embed components into components and that of course means that I can
now go to the stock finder and also add some loading logic there,
loading.
Initially it's false here too but just as before
whenever we find stocks in this case here, I'll set loading to true and then once we're done, I'll set loading
to false
and I'll also set loading to false if we have an error because then we might show some error message but we
don't want to show the spinner anymore.
And with that we can go to the render function and have like a content variable and that by default
could be our mapped list items here
but if we are loading,
if this is true, then content will simply be our ucSpinner like this. And now I'll output content down there
between the unordered list or to be precise,
the unordered list should probably be part of what's in my content up there,
so I'll add the opening and closing tags up here. Need to wrap this search result maps inside of curly braces
then since it's now inside of the unordered list
and then down there, remove the closing unordered list and now, I can also get rid of the curly braces
here. Now where I have two actually, now I have the content being output there and the content is either
my unordered list with the mapped search results or the spinner
and you can use such a self-closing tag here
by the way if you have no content in between for your custom components too. Only inside of TSX code
though, not in the index.html file, this is only valid syntax in TSX, in JSX.
So now with that, if I search for BMW here, you also see the spinner here, we can select it here and that all
works
and now we have our reusable code in our own embedded component and obviously we cannot just use that
component in our own components,
we could still use this in index.html too.
Just as I just mentioned, not with a self-closing tag
because that is not supported in normal HTML,
it is only supported in TSX, in JSX
but here's our spinner now. Not too beautiful,
I'll get rid of it.